UAB Sepsis Possible Mechanics

	Time
		A. Time passes at an increased rate
			Example: it takes two minutes in real life to get from 0700 to 0800 in the simulation
		B. Time passes to next vitals check only when player is ready
			Example: player can take their time, then skip from 0700 to 1400 when ready
		C. All of the above (time passes, but the player can skip ahead if they decide they're done for the time being)
	
	Dialogue
		A. Adding points for...
			i.   Greeting patient
			ii.  Asking about comfort
			iii. Telling the patient when they'll be back
		B. Talking to patient to gather more information
			i.   Unlocking through dialogue the ability to do closer examination, rather than just being able to do it
			ii.  Asking about their situation before they entered the hospital, to identify infection risks
		C. Asking patient about their comfort level
			i.   Adding points for delivering water, pillows, etc.
			ii.  Docking points if they don't ask, or do ask but don't deliver
		D. Dialogue with virtual nurses
			Example: asking a "head nurse" for hints
		E. Dialogue with virtual doctors
			Example: advising an endoscopy directly to a character, rather than in a chart
		F. Dialogue with virtual MET crew
			Example: cooperating with a virtual MET crew to perform the Sepsis Power Plan, rather than doing it alone
		G. Dialogue with family
			Example: asking a visiting family member about medical history, if the patient says they don't know
	
	Medication
		A. Administering medication
			i.   Clicking "administer meds" without needing to know what they are
			ii.  Giving them the appropriate meds from a list the player always has
			iii. Retrieving meds from a medication closet, and then administering them
			iv.  A possibility of administering the wrong medication and losing points
			v.   Needing to give medications that the patient uses at home
		B. Administering IV meds
			i.   Activating the IV bag and adding anything appropriate
			ii.  Medication is presumed to be used in the appropriate manner, and is automatically applied to the IV or patient
		C. Medication problems
			i.   Certain medication interferes with accurate vitals readings
			ii.  Certain medication causes patients to develop addictions
			iii. Certain medications can, in some cases, cause patients to go into a freefall
			iv.  Patients may be allergic to medication
			
	Codes
		A. Code Sepsis
			i.   Requiring the player to know every detail of the Sepsis Power Plan without reference
			ii.  Giving the player reference to the Sepsis Power Plan, but under a time limit
			iii. Giving the player reference to the Sepsis Power Plan and having no time limit
			iv.  Allowing the player to recieve hints from the MET team
			v.   Depending on vitals, causes patient to be rushed to ICU
		B. Code MET
			i.   Less points than a Code Sepsis but MET informs player of infections
			ii.  Same result as a Code Sepsis, but with less time to perform the Sepsis Power Plan
			iii. MET talks player through Sepsis Power Plan
			iv.  Depending on vitals, causes patient to be rushed to ICU
		C. Code Blue
			i.   Isn't in simulation
			ii.  Is in simulation, but is never needed (calling it shows the patient is not asphyxiating)
			iii. Is in simulaion and is occasionally the right decision to make
		D. Other Codes
			i.   We're not sure what these might be, but may be necessary to be in the sim to throw the player off
	
	Comfort
		A. Water/Pillows/Blankets
			i.   Player can give these things to the patient directly
			ii.  Player must retrieve these things from somewhere to give it to the patient (similar to Medication A. iii.)
			iii. Patient recieving water causes a cup to stay behind
			iv.  Piles of water cups can accumulate, becoming a hygene risk
		B. Restroom Usage
			i.   Player never needs to concern themselves with patient bathroom usage
			ii.  Player must assist some patients to use the bathroom
				a. Patients who don't receive restroom assistance may have "accidents", requiring some action
				b. Patients who don't recieve restroom assistance may hold their bladder until it causes an infection
			
	Sepsis Power Plan
		A. In order to be effective, the Sepsis Power Plan must be followed
			i.   over the course of many in-game hours
			ii.  or can be performed all at once, without requiring the player to time procedures
		B. Protocol and qSepsis scoring
			i.   Provided for the player
			ii.  Guidelines can be referenced, but qSepsis score must be charted by the player
			iii. Are not available in any way
			
	Charts
		A. Fill in automatically
		B. Require the player to "chart" some things, but this just passes time and fills in automatically
			Example: Player uses in-game time to "chart", but this is a single button that fills in the chart at the cost of time
		C. Require the player to actually chart some things at some point in the simulation
		
	Infection Risks
		A. Don't appear in the simulation
		B. Occasionally show up randomly, and action must be taken or the patient may become infected
		C. Show up only as a result of the players decisions or lack of attention
		
	Observation Mode
		A. No observation mode
		B. Simulation team can watch through the eyes of the player
		C. Simulation team can watch through the eyes of the patient(s)
		D. Simulation team can watch through "cameras" setup throughout the virtual floor
		E. Simulation team can speak directly at the player (as if through the PA system)
		
	Inventory
		A. The player can give any medication or comfort item at any time, without limit
		B. The player has an limited inventory they can fill with items from around the hospital
		C. The player must handle each object individually and place them on their cart to move them from room to room

	Journal
		A. Non-existent
		B. Information revealed from dialogue, nurse brief, charts enter automatically into a reference journal
			Example: "1400 - I spoke to the patient about a past injury, it's not healing very well"
		
	Chaos
		A. Peripheral chaos, but not actually a hindrance
		B. Equipment, such as the medication locker, may fail occasionally
		C. Patients may wander off
		D. Garbage and infection risks may appear around the hospital, with player action to remove them giving points
		E. Nurses and other staff may be moving around the main floor
		F. Nurses and other staff may need the player to perform immediate tasks, throwing off their rounds
		G. Prescriptions change occasionally, must be checked in chart before given